Update SL docs to mention Fusion limitation (#7628)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/dbt-sl.md

plan="dbt Starter or Enterprise-tier"
/>

> :::info Not yet supported in Fusion

Reviewer: Branding guidelines stipulate the first mention of Fusion on any page must say "the dbt Fusion engine." Doesn't look like it's mentioned elsewhere here, so we'll have to address it with the callout
```suggestion
:::info Not yet supported in the dbt Fusion engine
```

> <Constant name="semantic_layer" /> is currently supported in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> until v1.10 (Latest). Support for <Constant name="semantic_layer" /> in Fusion is not yet available, but is coming soon.

Reviewer: Just a slight tweak so it doesn't unintentionally read like it won't be supported after v1.10
```suggestion
<Constant name="semantic_layer" /> is currently supported in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> for environments running versions of dbt Core. Support for environments on the dbt Fusion engine is coming soon.
```
